"x"
"Had ordered the GoPro Hero 8 Holiday bundle so wanted a case for all the accessories. Went with the small size. It's perfect for all the accessories you get in the holiday bundle plus a few more stuff. 
If you're not planning to get a vlogging case or any other bulkier mods then small size is perfect. Check the pictures for size representation"
"Material is very good, newly bought. Due to pandemic, I have not gone out in rain, so water resistant quality not checked, hence cannot say.
The case can accommodate GoPro Hero 8 Black with vlogging Mod (I bought Yantralaya), battery charger with two batteries plus one extra, total three, and one/two extra items, see picture.
Will fit in small Tankbag/sidebag easily.
Top mesh bag can store cables, memoir cards, silica zel packets etc.
If you are a vblogger or using any charging Mod, then you have to keep the original GoPro hero 8 Black battery cover in some safe place, which is mesh pocket in this box.
Sturdiness of the box is quite good, does not bend easily."
"A nice strong and sleek one from Amazon Basics. Great build quality and good fit. 
The only reason I am giving it a 4 and not 5 star rating is because of the size.
 If you want a small sleek case to carry the basics for a GoPro like the charger, battery, camera, camera holders and screws, then this is ideal.
 But if you want to carry a tripod, selfie rod, body mounting harness, then please go for the bigger case from Amazon basics."
"It's awesome product with each partition nicely carved.
It's very hard from outside ,so it will protect action cam from accidental falls.
In addition to this , it's having soft compartments for camera components. So it will surely take care of our precious items.
So must buy.
It's not just for GoPro action cam. You can buy it for other brands too.
I brought it for Thieye T5 edge."
"The product quality is excellent and it’s really protective. I repurposed it for my DJI Osmo mobile, lol.
 You can actually get this case or their smaller/ larger versions for your gadgets and repurpose it.
 Would recommend to get hard case foam by hummer which costs ₹600 (8$)
 if you wanna make the repurposing really neat. You could use the foam which came with it too if you wanna safe money."
"This is a basic case, but it does the job well and is capable of handling a couple of cameras and odd bits of kit.
 I bought a second after I received this, for an additional camera - a cheapie, that is also quite good, with which I can carry and assortment of bits including a mini tripod stand and ball head that makes a good carry handle. 
In the case with two cameras, I have additional mounts charging cables and batteries.
 You can fit a fair bit in these small cases, which is great if you want to shoot some on the fly footage, because you can carry all you need in a small package. 
If you really need to carry a lot of stuff, then the larger case would be useful, but obviously, the more you carry, the better quality case you need if only because of the weight of the gear.
 As it is, this is a very handy case for small production videoing."
"The die cut cavity for the equipment is too loose. The camera slips out of it while closing n opening the case"
"I don't like the texture of the box, it is not a smooth finish one, it catches dust and it will become dirty in no time, it will be so hard to clean"
"This product is not worth it’s value.. Just worked fine for 1st week & now not functioning properly."
"I was a bit taken aback seeing the product. Its smaller than i thought. Other than this its awesome. For my use, it was almost waste of money. So watch out and understand the size then buy it."
"Great case would recommend for only one action camera as it would struggle to fit two and I can definitely say that as I use It for a potable laser engraver the size of a action camera and I can only fit the laser engrave, power cable 
and power bank In would not fit a tripod in as I need one for my engraver but overall good quality."
"Made up of nice and sturdy material. i do not need to worry at all when it falls from my hand. There is enough space to put my go pro with case, one extra case, few mount, charging cable, memory cards, screws, extra battery and few more stuff.
I am using it since long time, i don't have any issues with it's chain too.
Surely go for it.
Cheers."
"Looks good durable product .functional but materials are definitely not Cheap Chinese stuff (wonder when govt of India will ban cheap Chinese imitations with poor quality -- these are not allowed in EU or USA ) ... definitely recommended"
"Medium Size is the best size for travellers. It can fit in on any backpack.
Things it can carry. Camera+card+battery+one waterproof case, 3-4 mounts, cable.
Note: for selfie stick, floating stick, chest/head mount etc etc. You need the larger one.
Medium is best as per my need."

